---
layout: post
title:  "Creating ModeSpace"
date:   2015-05-28
author: nathan_bunney
---
From the very beginning ModSpace has been a collaborative effort. No one entity or
person could have created what ModSpace has become. The undergirding strength of
ModSpace is the relationship it has with the Alliance Small Business Development
Center and the SBDC's director Kurtis Clark. The SBDC had space on the first
floor of the City County Building at Tenth Street Place in downtown Modesto that
they were not using.

Nathan Bunney, a former SBDC consultant, ran into Kurt at an entrepreneurial
meetup in Downtown Modesto and the two of them began to form an idea that would
soon become ModSpace. Nathan was an organizer of the Modesto Scripting Language
Meetup and through that and other local technical meetups knew several people
who would likely be interested in a coworking space in Modesto focused on
technology.

From there it was a matter of creating some core documents that defined the
relationship between the consultants and the SBDC, defining the space that would
be used and how that space would be used, getting furniture, holding a painting
party (with pizza of course), signing up some consultants, and opening the
space.

This article does not do justice to the work involved in creating a location
like ModSpace but I hope it gives a feeling for the process that was followed,
as well as the collaboration that made it possible. Those now working at
ModSpace deeply appreciate the support of those at the SBDC as well as the work
of the many who have spent much time over the last few months setting up this
space where innovation and creativity can flourish and work can get done.
